When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A remote repository offers many advantages:
It allows for collaboration between multiple computers (i.e. multiple collaborators, or one person
working from multiple computers).
It also saves your work in a remote place, so that if your computer crashes, your content is 
safely stored in the repo.
Finally, it allows you to share your project with anyone interested.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks are specific to GitHub, and could be considered a particular type of clone.
With a fork I clone a repository from GitHub onto my own GitHub account. One of the advantages
of doing that is that GitHub keeps track of how many people forked a repository. This enables one to 
see how popular a repository is.
Clone makes a copy of a repository. I can clone a GitHub repo onto my own computer, or I could clone
a repo already on my computer onto another repo on my computer
A branch is part of the same repository. By branching I can start working on new features without
affecting the master branch. Then when I'm satisfied I can merge back the branch into master

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
It allows you to compare your local repo to the state of the remote. This way when you run git status
it will tell you whether you are ahead of "origin/..." so you know that you have to push to the remote
to sync it with your local repo.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Each person would keep a copy on their own computer. Then we would get together and merge what we've been working on. It would be really difficult to keep track of the changes each person made if more than one file was involved. However, it would be easier initially since no setup is necessary (i.e. no git creation, no git add, git push, git commit)
